[docs] Mention priority support on MUI X docs (#16467)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/introduction/support/support.md

## Technical support

:::info

> The technical support doesn't come with any SLA. If you need SLA governed response, you'll have to purchase the [priority support](/x/introduction/priority-support/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The technical support covers only MUI X components. If you need to cover the entire component library, check out [Priority Support](/x/introduction/priority-support/).
```
